Update the release process (#259)
streamnative/pulsarctl: docs/en/release_process.md

This guide illustrates how to perform a release for pulsarctl.

# Naming convention

All StreamNative repository should following the naming convention:

- Branch name: `branch-X.Y.Z`
- Tag name: `vX.Y.Z(.M)`(stable)
- Release candidate tag: `vX.Y.Z(.M)-rc-$(date +%Y%m%d%H%M)` (unstable)

> `(.M)`  means our internal version release number, most of our repository is an extensions/tools for apache/pulsar. To keep track on the repository is produced by which version of the apache/pulsar, we will carry the apache/pulsar version number and using the `.M` to represent our internal release version. And all repository should keep align with streamnative/pulsar.
> 
> There has two type of the tags, one is stable `vX.Y.Z(.M)`, and another is unstable `vX.Y.Z(.M)-rc-$(date +%y%m%d%H%M)`. A stable tag represent this release is a verified release, and an unstable tag represent this release is not verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`(.M)`  is the internal version release number. Most of our repository is an extensions/tools for apache/pulsar. To keep track on the repository that is produced by which version of the apache/pulsar, we use the apache/pulsar version number and use the `.M` to represent our internal release version. All repositories should be align with streamnative/pulsar.

Two types of the tags are available, one is stable `vX.Y.Z(.M)`, and the other is unstable `vX.Y.Z(.M)-rc-$(date +%y%m%d%H%M)`. The stable tag represents that the release is a verified release, and the unstable tag represents that the release is not verified.
```
